fix: the side quests rotate — a fixed order starves whatever is not at the top

The Checkmk run had 32 confirmations and had attacked 4 of them. The report said
"NEVER ATTACKED — it is the auditor agreeing with itself" twenty-eight times, and
that was the biggest trust problem the run had. The cause was the round-kind
precedence: `consolidate` sat above `challenge`, so the pass took 13 rounds against
challenge's 3.

THE OBVIOUS FIX DOES NOT WORK, AND THE MEASUREMENT IS WHY.

Swapping the two, and shortening the challenge cadence, gives:

    consolidate above challenge   consolidate 13, challenge  3
    challenge above consolidate   consolidate  8, challenge  8, PURSUE 0

The swap did not fix the starvation, it RELOCATED it — and the invariant test that
exists for exactly this caught it, reporting `pursue` at zero over thirty rounds.
Every one of these kinds can be "always available": challenge while any
confirmation is un-attacked, pursue while any high finding still has budget,
consolidate on almost every new finding, coverage while a gap remains. Whichever
sits at the top takes every slot the side-quest rule leaves, and reversing the
order just picks a different victim.

SO THE DUE SIDE QUESTS ROTATE, LEAST-RECENTLY-RUN FIRST.

"Never two in a row" already bounds the whole tier to half the rounds; the rotation
decides which of the due kinds gets that half. No kind needs a cadence to protect
it any more, and every one of them gets a turn. The tie-break, for the case where
all of them have never run, puts challenge first — it is the only kind here that can
REMOVE something.

Measured on the real Checkmk tree, 80 rounds of the same schedule:

    challenge 18, consolidate 12, pursue 18, verify 32   22 confirmations attacked
    52% side quests, 48% verification

`CHALLENGE_INTERVAL` drops from 5 to 2. With the rotation doing the work, 1 and 2
measure identically (18/12/18/32, 22 attacked) while 3 and 5 give 11/11/12/32 and
15 attacked — the old cadence was actively costing challenges. 2 rather than 1 so
the constant still states a real bound instead of reading as a disabled one.

A SIDE EFFECT WORTH HAVING: the challenge now runs BEFORE the combination pass.
That is the right way round. `hypothesis_combine` already refuses to build a chain
out of unconfirmed findings, so the thing that makes a confirmation trustworthy
should happen before the thing that builds on it.

VERIFICATION

Three new invariants, and the whole change is validated by reverting it:

  no side quest is STARVED — every one that can run, runs   FAILS on the fixed order
  a confirmed HIGH finding gets PURSUED                     FAILS on the fixed order
  an OPEN pursuit is finished before a combination pass      FAILS on the fixed order

The first reports "consolidate never ran in 60 busy rounds" — the same diagnosis in
the other direction, which is the point: no total order over these kinds works.

`SIDE_QUESTS` is now exported so the test's hand-written list can be asserted equal
to it. The list is still duplicated on purpose (so a bug in the implementation's
list is caught rather than agreed with) and the equality check closes the other
direction — a kind added to the scheduler and forgotten in the test. That is how the
coverage round went unguarded once.

End to end, `/goal 挖掘认证前rce漏洞` still completes with no errors:
generate → generate → verify → challenge → verify → combine.

769 tests, 0 failures, tsc clean. Nothing under E:/aa_qax/a_Audit/ was modified.
